https://github.com/Mission23/Mission23/wiki/Pastoral-Anniversary was just updated to add some background and identify other people they had lookalikes for like Emma Jean Dale of Elizabathtown, KY.

She says she loves you CIA. Theyll know what I mean.

--added:

I know I’ve said this was a family operation but never like this! Besides, all of my family pictures would be my mom’s side… The children of Lila Richardson, but not all the children of the soon-to-be most famous Amos, the only man I ever called granddaddy. 

The family I was referring to was my dad’s family, the Williams family. You remember CIA, the one that had the Will Henry that you guessed as the man (from birth certificates Im assuming). I barely knew the Williams family, I knew a few.

The few I knew all knew one thing, my dad was a no good son of a bitch, and my mom had to leave him. They all supported my mom and stayed close after the divorce. 

Felix went out of his way and told my mom to come to Lexington. She did, only having Sandy Hook to go to but she wanted more for me. We went to one church, Mount Calvary. She never thought of going to another. 

Felix used his day job at IBM, to pull some strings at a company called Kentucky Central Life Insurance. Kentucky Central had purchased an IBM mainframe and Felix asked them to consider a young woman with no computing experience for anything they had open. They hired my mother as a keypunch operator, and she quickly gained experience and became what some have called the "BUS Driver" or console monitor. There are no wheels on this type of [bus](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bus_(computing)).

Between issuing baptism certificates for sitting in a "baptism pool," playing guess the granddaddy with birth certificates they steal from residences and try to hide in vital records departments, I’m starting to think the CIA just chases down, hides and pushes bogus paper to cover their tracks as they build hotels to suck up as much dead President paper  to pay off their debts around the world. Readers beware of Connor’s gift certificates, some of the paper they love passing around, they are really an invite to your death. See this entry about [Connor’s Steak and Seafood](https://github.com/Mission23/Mission23/wiki/Connor’s-Steak-and-Seafood). 
